[Marketplace Contribution] Akamai WAF - Content Pack Update (#35309)
demisto/content: Packs/Akamai_WAF/Integrations/Akamai_WAF/README.md

                }
              }
}}}}
```
### akamai-get-cps-enrollment-by-id

***

> Get an enrollment in CPS by enrollment id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get an enrollment in CPS by enrollment ID.
```

#### Base Command

`akamai-get-cps-enrollment-by-id`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | enrollment_id | Enrollment on which to perform the desired operation. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enrollment_id | Enrollment ID on which to perform the desired operation. | Required | 
```

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### akamai-cancel-cps-change

***
Cancels a pending change on CPS.

#### Base Command

`akamai-cancel-cps-change`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | change_id | The change for this enrollment on which to perform the desired operation. Default is 0. "change_path" is used. Default is 0. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| change_id | The change for this enrollment on which to perform the desired operation. "change_path" is required. Default is 0. | Required | 
```

> | enrollment_id | Enrollment on which to perform the desired operation. Default is 0. "change_path" is used. Default is 0. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enrollment_id | Enrollment on which to perform the desired operation. "change_path" is required. Default is 0. | Required | 
```

> | change_path | Change path on which to perform the desired operation. Sample: /cps/v2/enrollments/100000/changes/88888888. Note: change_path is not listed in the reference as a parameter. However it can be extracted directly from "list_enrollments_command". This should be the most common useage when generate RestAPI's URL. | Optional | 

Reviewer: Not sure if this is needed:
Note: change_path is not listed in the reference as a parameter.

Instead, i would remove the first part of the note, and only say:
The change path can be extracted directly from "list_enrollments_command". This should be the most common usage when generating the RestAPI's URL."

> | account_switch_key | For customers who manage more than one account, this runs the operation from another account. The Identity and Access Management API provides a list of available account switch keys. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| account_switch_key | If you manage more than one account, this runs the operation from another account. The Identity and Access Management API provides a list of available account switch keys. | Optional | 
```
